Update dependencies (#78)
uccser/docker-images: README.md

# Docker images

A collection of Docker images available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/uccser/) used by the University of Canterbury Computer Science Education Research group.

The Docker images we currently use are:

    - Django
    - Nginx-with-gulp
    - Python

## How to update packages

`pyup-bot` will create a pull request when a new version of a package becomes available.
In addition to the changes `pyup-bot` makes, we will need to also update the `VERSION` files with the new version number for the relevant package.

> This includes `VERSION` files under the `with-weasyprint` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes `VERSION` files within the `with-weasyprint` directories.
```

> To update projects that use these Docker images, we need to update both the `Dockerfile` and `Dockerfile-local` files in the project with the new version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update repositories that use these Docker images, we need to update both the `Dockerfile` and `Dockerfile-local` files in the repository with the new version number.
```

> Note that if one of the core packages (Django, Nginx, Python) has a dependency that updates, the core package version number will not update (and doesn't need to be updated).

Reviewer: Possible move this to the end of line 14 within brackets?

```suggestion
Note: If one of the Docker images has a dependency that updates (for example: a database library within the Django image), the Docker image version number is not changed. It is only changed when the key dependency is changed.
```
